What forms of payment can I use with this online service
What types of card you use 
What cards to you accept?

    -> Our credit card processing vendor enables us to accept both MasterCard and Visa credit and debit cards.



HOW CAN YOU HELP ME IN FAQ ADD
HOW CAN YOU HELP ME IN HELPEDITOR ADD
HOW CAN YOU HELP ME IN FEEDBACK ADD
HOW CAN YOU HELP ME IN WALKTHROUGH ADD

WHAT SERVICES AVAILABLE

WHAT ARE THE BENEFITS OF USING HELPHELPER
WHAT IS THE BENEFIT OF HELPHELPER       
WHAT ARE YOU DOING.


WHAT ARE THE BENEFITS OF USING FEEDBACK
WHAT ARE THE BENEFITS OF USING HELPEDITOR
WHAT ARE THE BENEFITS OF USING WALKTHROUGH
WHAT ARE THE BENEFITS OF USING FaQ

it is possible to upgrade my current plans?


 what are the benefits to upgrade my plan

 what are the benefits of FaQ
 what are the benefits of walkthrough
 what are the benefits of helpeditor
 what are the benefits of feedback

 why i subscribe faq module
 why i subscribe feedback module
 why i subscribe walkthrough module
 why i subscribe helpeditor module
why i subscribe?


Is there any free trial period?
what is about free trial?
What is for new member?
any offer for new member?
can you give any offer for new member ?


 what are you doing ?

 do you use any wallet?
 are you use any wallet for payment?
 would you accept payment from wallets?
 which wallet you use for payment
 what are payment wallets available for payment
 are you accept any wallet?

 what offers you provide ?
 any offers for subscribe this service
 any discount you give 
 which offers you provide? 
 any discount for me?
 what are the subscription offer?
 what are the offers of Faq to subscribe
 any offers for subscribe faq module
 what is the offer to subscribe all the services
 can you give me any offer to subscribe these service
 can you give any discount for subscription.

 

 what other service you provide?

 can I change my Module?
 can i customize my subscribe module?
 can i change your services?
 Can I change feedback module?
 Can I change walkthrough module?
 Can I change faq module?
 Can I change helpeditor module?
 Should i able to change layout of services?
 Can i change functionality of the services?    
 I can change services?
 I can change walkthrough service?
 I can change helpeditor service?
 I can change feedback service?
 I can change Faq service?


What type of support is included with this Service?
which type of support you provide?
what support you provide?
what support include with your services?
        --> information




How Does an Application Service Provider Work
    -> Helphelper

How Does HelpHelper Provide Application Services


What happens when my trial subscription period expires -->affirm_expire
if my trial subscription expires can i use it or not ?
what will happens after free trial?
can i extend my free trial?
what happens after the trail ends?
    --> While we would love for you to continue to use our product, our free trial does end. Once your trial period ends, you’ll no longer have access to the free version of SyncDojo. Take a look at our pricing guide to learn more about the affordable payment programs we offer to help your business meet the needs of your customers. 


What happens to my data when my subscription expires? -->subscription_expire
my data should be there after free trial?
my data should be there after expires my subscription?

    When your subscription ends, the records you purchased are still owned by you. In the purchase order, you agreed to delete D&B licensed material; however, We does not delete anything after the service is terminated.


   

What are your payment terms? --> payment_terms.
what about payment terms?
what is your payment terms?
can show me the payment terms?
   We invoice on monthly basis and payment is due on invoicing.


what forms of payment does you take? -> payment
what forms of payment does HELPHELPER take? 

What does the software cost? --> plan


do you offer any discount --> discount

How does HelpHelper work --> HelpHelper

How much does it cost --> plans

what helphelper do? --> helphelper
what feedback do? 
what faq do?
what walkthrough do?
what helpeditor do?


Can i cancel my subscription
if i don't like it can i cancel it anytime?
Can i cancel helphelper subscription
can i cancel my services?


how can i cancel my service?
how do i cancel my service
how do i cancel particular module
how can i cancel feedback module
how can i cancel feedback service
how can i cancel helpeditor module
how can i cancel helpeditor service
how can i cancel faq module
how can i cancel faq service
how can i cancel walkthrough module
how can i cancel walkthrough service


how can i get more details --> contact

can you give information about your service?
what are the services you provide?


what are the payment terms

how can i change my module?

